As a user, I want to play, pause and stop songs so that I can control my listening experience.
As a user, I want to skip to the next song or go back to the previous song so that I can navigate through a playlist/album.
As a user, I want to see the current song's title, artists name and image cover displayed in the application as the song is being played.
As a user, I want to adjust the volume using a slider so that I can set the sound to my preferable level.
As a user, I want to see the song's progress and duration in text format, so I know how much time has elapsed.
As a user, I want to see the songs progress represented using a progress bar where it moves with each passing second and I can click along it to move to any point in the song so that I have control over how to play the song.
As a user, I want to create, rename and delete playlists so that I can have my own personalised collection of songs.
As a user, I want to be able to add, remove and move songs around on a playlist so that I have control over how I customise the playlist, so I can organise my music manually.
As a user, I want to search for songs by title, artist, or filename so that I can quickly find specific tracks.
As a user, I want to list all the songs, albums, or artists in my library in a tabular format so that it is more readable.
As a user, I want to toggle shuffle mode so that songs play in a random order.
As a user, I want to enable loop mode so that I can loop songs on repeat.
As a user, I want to use keyboard shortcut commands (space for play/pause, m for mute, etc.) so that it is simpler to navigate the application.
As a user, I want to see a queue of upcoming songs and a history of recently played songs so that I can either skip ahead or go back to a previous song from the current session.
As a user, I want to add or remove songs from the queue so that I can create my own track list order.
As a user, I want to queue songs to play next (send them straight to the top of the queue) so that I can listen to a track without needing to go through the entire queue first.
As a user, I want to adjust playback speed of tracks so that there is more flexibility in the listening experience.
As a user, I want to see a list of my most played songs so that I can quickly access my favourite songs.
As a user, I want to set a sleep timer so that playback will end automatically
As a user I want the player to run in the background so that it is always available to use without needing to open the application again.
As a user, I want to schedule automatic playback for songs so that I can play tracks at specific times of the day for daily routines.
As a user, I want the progress of a song to be saved when closed so that when the app is opened again it is already on the last track that was playing.
As a user, I want to be able to like my favourite songs to enhance my listening experience.
As a user, I want to have a separate folder of my liked songs, so I can play them back whenever.
As a user, I want to import songs from local files or external storage so that I can add music from my device.
As a user, I want to sort playlists automatically (by artist, alphabetically, etc.) for faster organisation.
As a user, I want the UI to adapt to a light or dark mode automatically based on the system settings or time of day.
As a user, I want a rewind and fast-forward button (e.g., 5 to 10 seconds) so that I can replay or skip parts of a song.
As a user, I want to lock the screen controls to avoid accidentally changing the song.